Take advantage of this last time
I'd like to hear it
Who else do you have?
Want to ban
Hello, everybody.
Let this ignorant thing
Take a look at the strength of our Haicheng creatures
Haicheng Jiang Family represents the foreign trade industry
Wind and sand
The Zhang family represents the construction industry
Haicheng experts represent the electronics industry
Wind and sand
To the wind and sand
How about Kiki?
As long as you get out of this door
Haicheng Tunnel has no place for you
Anything else?
Yes.
Haicheng Tian Family
Representing the beauty industry
Banned Qi Tian
Good for you
Broken our last monsoon
I can't wait
See you get out of Sea City like a dog
Qitian Ball Sea City will kill for 7 days
Get out of Sea City and kill for 7 days
You are simply
Who dares to disrespect Mr. Qi?